In this video, you're just going to get the book button working on the movie details page.
So we've already seen how to be doing the navigation, how to be prancing around the state.
And this video is just going to be combining all of that in this single video.
So let's get these things implemented.
I'm just going to be switching back to my voice code and let's just go to our details page.
So that's an idea.
And for the state, I need to be making sure that you have the remote set up.
So let me just check out my remote.
So we do not have a remote right now.
So we can just set up one, see a remote, browse in an object.
And this is the movie app, and we need to be getting the location of the movie app.
So for simplicity and in case of avoiding errors, I'm just going to be copying it from the home page
app.
So we just open the configurations, copy the entire thing from here.
So this is our movie application.
Actually, I'll be copying the entire movie app.
Okay, so that's done.
Let's copy and paste it here.
Okay, so we have the remote set up.
So I can just save this file and and stop and again, start off my application.
So let me just quickly find that app.
So once you have a lot of app, it can be a little bit difficult to find it.
Okay, let's stop this over and let's start that off once again.
And parents solve let's just give that a second.
And we have the details page running.
Okay, so that looks good.
Let's come back to voice code.
And now we need to be using that observable over here.
So if I just open up the as I see in the components, we have the details content.
And this is where we need to be publishing or are pushing the data to that observable.
So if I just go down and see what is the function getting called on the book now button.
So we have this book now button and on this, this book movie function is getting called.
So let's go to the book movie function.
So that's right here.
We already have the booking object prepared for us.
We just need to passing it.
So, as usual, we need to be using the dynamic import.
So I'll say import and then we need to be passing in the import statement.
Now, the import statement, as usual, is going to be the app name.
So in this case, the app name is movie app.
So let's be a start here.
And then we need to be passing the component name, which can be found in the movie application.
So just check out the Webpack config so that the component name.
Let's come back to our digital content and being strategic.
Okay.
Then we use Dart, then then we get a module as a parameter and then we have the movies data.
So we can see concert movie data equals to module dart default.
This is not really the movie data, it's more the observable object.
So you can just rename that if you like to, but I prefer to just call it the movie data because it
contains the observable for the movie data.
Now Hannibal, you can just see that movie data dart next.
And in here we just pass in the booking object so we can see booking just like that.
Okay, so that part is done.
Now, you might notice that there's one thing missing over here when we are clicking on the button.
So if I just click here, the navigation is not working.
So we also need to be implementing the navigation here.
So for implementing the navigation, if you remember, we need to be passing that entire history object
from a movie application to this detailed content application.
Now, if I just go back to our movie application to let me minimize the things not being used and come
to this app in the movie app.
And if you check out the details page, right now we're just publishing the location and we are interested
in the history object.
So that's right here.
Similar to the homepage, this history object is going to be used when we want to be pushing the new
it out.
So what I can do is I can actually be copying this entire parameter.
So you can just copy this from your routing.
And I'm going to be passing this attribute here as well.
So we are sort of passing duplicate location, which is not really necessary.
So this can be optimized when you're creating our own application.
But for now, I'm just going to be keeping this as it is.
So let's just save that.
Now, if I just come to my details page, which is our details content basically, and in the properties
over here.
We should be having the new property which we just passed in, which is the routing attribute so that
as you can see, your routing goes to these two objects.
So we should have like proper start routing.
Now what I can do over here is I can just come to my book movie function that's right here.
And what we'll do over here is once the data has been published in the movie data dot next that we are
passing the data to the observer.
I'm also going to be doing the navigation so as a props dot history.
Dot push.
And in this I'll be pushing the book wrote.
So this is the booking odyssey booking application.
So cross fingers.
Things should work as expected.
Let's just save this and let's just go back to our browser and I'm going to be going to the main application.
Let's close this off.
Actually, we already have the main application here.
I'm going to the main application here on the homepage.
Let's click on one of the titles of example as Doctor Strange, select some data, select some time,
and then let's click on book now and thing did not really work as expected.
Let me just see what I've done wrong so it's this cannot read property of undefined reading push so
let me just go back and this is the problem I didn't say probe start routing so as you remember we have
passed the attribute card routing.
So we need to say probes dart routing, dart history.
So that should now fix that.
So let's go back, let's go to our homepage here.
So let me navigate back this click on Doctor Strange once again.
And then if I just change something here, change the time and click on book.
Now, it still does not really work.
So if I just come on top and if you just check out what's the problem here?
It doesn't really understand what is the note.
And if I just check out my address bar, you can see that it actually did push the book out, but it
pushed it after the speed test page.
We do not need it after it does it?
It needs to basically replace it.
And I have it right here.
So it should be something like this.
So how do we fix that now?
I'm just keeping all this arrows in mind because these are some of the common errors that you will be
encountering when you have your application running.
So I'm not editing out all those errors and we are going to be fixing that along with the video.
So let's just go back to obvious code.
And the problem here is the way we are pushing it out.
So when we passed it out directly, it's just going to be appending to the last road that was already
in the browser.
So this is what we need to be seeing is instead of just book with this slash book.
So we are saying on the route we need to be passing this entire location.
So now if I just click on Save and now if I just try to go back for the third time and if you just check
out a new maybe this time maybe behind man and let's just same day time so it-bpm and C book we are
in fact read out it to our third booking application.
We see the title Ironman, you see the date, you see the time that we are selected along with the image
and things are working really well.
And you can also obviously just go ahead and select the movie and you get the movie booked.
Now this is how our entire application is working in a micro front approach.
I hope you're really excited to see what are the things you can do with micro frontend and this is going
to be a really great learning and implementation if you're working on a really big project.
So that's about it for micro Frontend, I'm just going to be taking the next video in which you are
just going to be concluding all of the things and see on a high level what all the things we have learned
in the micro frontend section.